## Artificial Intelligence at Google(張碧娟)

1. Use ML to avoid listing all rules for search engine
2. Natural language processing: Squence to sequence
3. Machine translate: Translate the language to another one
4. Google had more than 4,000 projects on deep learning on 2016
5. Google Translate: OCR, By photo, audio
6. Google search by audio 20%
7. Google Translate's quality is very close to Human
8. Google Trips
9. Samrt Reply in inbox
10. Google Home
11. Japan use TensorFlow to distinguish good 小黃瓜 and bad 小黃瓜
12. Supervised learning = Traing and verify the model
13. Dirty data cleaning is important!
14. Can AI draw or 作曲 in the future
15. Save energy, like electronics
16. Google Health: 糖尿病病者併發視網膜病變: 利用圖片來辨識視網膜病變程度(醫生判斷有限)
17. RNN exhaust hardware's resources

Questions:
* May Smart Reply or other Services touch the privancy of users?
Ans. Google prevent everyone from watching the private content of user. However, not every comany do that good. So we have to do it carfully.




## Drive businees impact with data(黃國寧)

1. In charge of 
    * Careers
    * Premium Subscription
    * Commerce
    * Pricing strategy
2. Linkedin is a social network for professionals
3. The economic graph
   * Members
   * Companies
   * Jobs
   * Skills
   * Schools
   * Knowledge
4. Analysics: Data->Information/Knowledge/Intelligence->Insights
5. Talent flows help discover dynamic trends (winning or losing?)
6. Data sciense should see themselves as bussiness owner or product owner

Questions:
* Will you create custom features from exist features?
Ans. Yes, sometimes a feature doesn't make sense. We have to choose them carefully, and sometimes a new feature will be created which depends on the business or domain.

* How to treat data bias
Ans. We will select them, such as culture difference, male/femake,..  to the small segment, and train the model separately. 
